and where the blocks fall okay I guess
you're right it is random but I think
I'd really take more damage from the
blocks I mean the sword kills me not
three hits because it takes to blight
bars away every time
did he die tell me he's dead no he was
like standing still for like a minute
there's no guaranteed way to be safe in
this game you're going to take danja by
a sword or falling blocks
or running into the guy himself
Oh God let's just try going beyond the
game over and see if it starts me at the
whole stage yep it brings you back to
the island where I don't want to go and
start all the way from the back goddamn
it you need to do this crap about taking
any damage
yeah good show of me torturing myself
with Donald Duck
I just screwed up that safe state
well there's one guaranteed way it can
be safe I think
using the walls use a plunger on the
wall
if I my way to be safe now
mr.
yep I found my salvation I found myself
a shoe
yep this is an easy boss battle then
okay that was my mistake I got hit by a
block on the way down
he's really not making this easy anymore
on me
now how's a ten-year-old kids supposed
to figure out some of these puzzles like
how to kill the Viking well it's it's
kind of us hey it took me a while to
figure it out
this guy can really take some hits
seriously and the blocks are just
appearing more vigorously
I can at least get three hits into him
before he throws a sword at me
yeah without safe stick this wouldn't be
really possible unless yep the game
genie back bend
which somebody's dead nope
big epic death
Oh is he dead is he dead nope he just
struck me to throw his sword at me
yeah at least get three hits before he
starts tolling that sword on me yeah he
has a beard and dark hair and hey he
could be Michael Donald for all we know
Donald Jackson that's a better one in
there I don't know I mean he looks like
he is supposed to be a king or something
with streaming black hair so he's not
exactly your average Prince seriously
this guy can take a bow load of hits
ok hit him up like 30 times now I swear
I'm so kitchens have managed to survive
this boss battle released I figured out
his attack pattern which really helps in
this fight
another proven on this game they need a
life bar for the boss
so you will know whether the bastards
nearly dead or not
it's harder than I want to be the guy
at least then I want to be the guy that
give you a chance doesn't take like
picking five minutes or more
nah I love shooting him in the head
think I'm supposed to like shoot him one
you know I don't even know how do we
know this guy's dying